= Git-Webby - Web smarty for Git

== DESCRIPTION

This project was inspired in the {Grack}[http://github.com/schacon/grack]
Smart-HTTP server handler (written by
{Scott Chacon}[http://github.com/schacon]) but developed using
{Sinatra}[http://www.sinatrarb.com] and aims replace the original
`git-http-backend` including new features.

The main goal of the <b>Git-Webby</b> is implement the following useful features.

- Smart-HTTP, based on _git-http-backend_.
- Authentication flexible based on database or configuration file like .+htpasswd+.
- API to get information about repository (_Treeish_).

== SINOPSIS

Install the Git-Webby using {Rubygems}[http://rubygems.org/gems/git-webby].

  gem install git-webby

Or checkout the project hosted on {Github}[http://github.com/codigorama/git-webby].

  git clone https://github.com/codigorama/git-webby.git
  ...
  cd git-webby
  rake install

Configure the Rackup file (<tt>config.ru</tt>) using the following instructions:

  # config.ru
  require "git/webby"

  Git::Webby::HttpBackend.configure do |server|
    server.project_root = "/home/git/repositories"
    server.git_path     = "/usr/bin/git"
    server.get_any_file = true
    server.upload_pack  = true
    server.receive_pack = false
    server.authenticate = true
  end

  $ rackup --port 2011 --daemonize
  $ git clone http://localhost:2011/mycode.git

You can use the <tt>.netrc</tt> for improve your connection. Put this:

  machine <host> login <username> password <password>

The Git-Webby is under development, so there are still many improvements to be
made. Please, help us to improve the project sending your feedback to
{issues}[http://github.com/codigorama/git-webby] or sending email to
{opensource@codigorama.com}[mailto:opensource@codigorama.com].

Discuss in {Google Groups}[http://groups.google.com/group/git-webby].

== AUTHORS

Written by Hallison Batista <hallison@codigorama.com>.

== BUGS

If you find a bug, please report it at the Git-Webby project's
{issues tracker}[http://github.com/codigorama/git-webby] on Github.

== LICENSE

Git-Webby is Copyright (c) 2011 Hallison Batista, Codigorama.

This is free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in
LICENSE.txt.

